Add page for HTTP Query API for Core and Enterprise (#5792)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/shared/v3-core-plugins/_index.md

## On Request Plugin
On Request plugins are triggered by a request to a specific endpoint under `/api/v3/engine`. The plugin will receive the local API, query parameters `Dict[str, str]`, request headers `Dict[str, str]`, request body (as bytes), and any arguments passed in the trigger definition. Here's an example of a simple On Request plugin:

```python
import json

def process_request(influxdb3_local, query_parameters, request_headers, request_body, args=None):
    for k, v in query_parameters.items():
        influxdb3_local.info(f"query_parameters: {k}={v}")
    for k, v in request_headers.items():
        influxdb3_local.info(f"request_headers: {k}={v}")

    request_data = json.loads(request_body)

    influxdb3_local.info("parsed JSON request body:", request_data)

    # write the data to the database
    line = LineBuilder("request_data").tag("tag1", "tag1_value").int64_field("field1", 1)
    # get a string of the line to return as the body
    line_str = line.build()

    influxdb3_local.write(line)

    return 200, {"Content-Type": "application/json"}, json.dumps({"status": "ok", "line": line_str})
```

### On Request Trigger Configuration

> On Request plugins are set with a `trigger-spec` of `request:<endpoint>`. The `args` parameter can be used to pass configuration to the plugin. For example, if we wanted the above plugin to run on the endpoint `/api/v3/engine/my_plugin`, we would use `request:my_plugin` as the `trigger-spec`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating a trigger for an On Request plugin, set the `trigger-spec` to `request:<endpoint>.
For example, to create an HTTP API `/api/v3/engine/my_plugin` endpoint that runs the plugin in the preceding example, pass `request:my_plugin` as the `trigger-spec`.

You can use the `args` parameter to pass any additional configuration to the plugin.
```

> Trigger specs must be unique across all configured plugins, regardless of which database they are tied to, given the path is the same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because all On Request triggers for a server use the same `/api/v3/engine` root path, trigger specs must be unique across all configured plugins, regardless of which database they are associated with.
```
